today I got my revenge it was Thomas's
turn to get pranked he thinks we've
signed him up for stand-up tomorrow
night and that he has a whole day to
write his jokes but Omar and I had
something different planned
we contacted Samson one of Omar's
stand-up comedian friends and a schedule
Thomas were five minutes stand-up that
same night the fake and he had nothing
prepared we told them we were meeting
with Samson so he could get some
pointers and figure out the basics for
tomorrow are you pretty nervous with the
staff mom are you actually not nervous
I'm gonna be very nervous parinama had
been other [ __ ] I should complain but at
most
yeah he'll be fine you're funny guy
extremely worried when I go up for now
give me that I might have some time what
time am I on oh those are out of tell
jokes how to tell Janice
don't worry so much about people you
know giving you comments like that was
off-putting our tool evolved or whatever
like you gotta just find your voice out
there and whatever it's funny for you
and just work on that in to be yourself
yeah but then we broke the news to him
it's obviously good news you're saying
is that
what why this guy
you fantastic your revenge
right now yeah
I gotta get started I have nothing to
hear at all fear not
remember this that goes to know that
okay now I got to write jokes too five
minutes ago bro five minutes that's a
lot of jokes I got to start writing
right now what should we eat
and I would be freaking out right now
look at them so nervous over budget
we've got 20 minutes right five minutes
worth of jokes another comedian told us
about this first time experience and I
would imagine he's writing his jokes on
the back of the toilet stall
probably I haven't to do an event but
yeah see them anywhere yeah I'm not
seeing anywhere yeah all right so a
little side room that's okay
Thomas showed up two minutes before he
was on and was called up on stage all
right so it's a wedding couple weeks ago
is the first time since I was one
actually that's the first time I went to
a wedding I'm like that insisted on
bringing me but my mom really really
asked him not to because one of the only
words I'm useless applies in Swedish
which means poop and so as the wedding
goes on church quiets down and there he
goes I yell out advice and my dad sings
down in this seat my mom just tells me
to bring me outside so if my dad waiting
outside and turns around for one second
it turns back around i've digged up all
of the flowers right outside of the
church so right where the bride is going
to walk out covered in dirt my mini
men's suit is covered in dirt and so yes
the rough
back into the bathroom as he gets into
the bathroom he starts to wash me out
and the fire alarm goes off I have
clicked on the handicap emergency button
on the ground having a pipe and
completely bombed it people walked out
after his first joke and there were only
a few laughs throughout I said walking
out
so that was a good first experience of
my first wedding so I basically added my
grandparents and my parents on Facebook
which is great because they like all my
pictures makes it seem like I've way
more friends that I actually do but I'm
not sure my grandfather's pointer stood
how to use it I started to get
suspicious when he shared my profile
pictures showed my profile and comments
on his own posts that's what I realized
he needed some coaching and so give the
day I was at a bar and I spot a girl
from across the bars and tell her I'm
from Sweden and she gives a big smiley
face and I get super excited and then
she says oh my god I love Swiss
chocolate
so as I'm processing what just happened
she confuses Switzerland instantly
I slowly quiet down and yes we have tons
of chocolate Johnson chocolate my
parents make them in the mountain
actually it's great definitely comes
[Applause]
good first effort but you don't going to
have it if you want to ever be good at
comedy especially comedy you're going to
feel like a thousand times
okay so you're gonna be a worse than
what you think you felt today magazine
was a GM you did everybody he did fishes
said however and overcame when I was at
this thing I've ever heard in my life
the most importantly we had an awesome
time pranking him for talk [ __ ] man yeah
that's comedy just go up and talk [ __ ]
yeah that was good your first hang you
do it yeah go tiger this guy